# nf-core/lightsheetrecon: Output

## Introduction

This document describes the output produced by the pipeline. The directories listed below will be created in the results directory after the pipeline has finished. All paths are relative to the top-level results directory.

## Pipeline overview

The pipeline is built using [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/) and processes data using the following steps:

- [stitching-spark](#stitching-spark) - Large microscopy image reconstruction
- [MultiQC](#multiqc) - Aggregate report describing results and QC from the whole pipeline
- [Pipeline information](#pipeline-information) - Report metrics generated during the workflow execution

### stitching-spark

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `<acquisition id>/stitching/`
  - `tiles.json`: multi-view metadata about the acquisition converted from the MVL file
  - `tiles.n5`: imagery converted from CZI to n5 format tiled according to --stitching_block_size
  - `c<channel>-n5.json`: metadata about each channel in tiles.n5
  - `c<channel>-flatfield`: files for flatfield-correction including the calculated brightfield and offset
  - `c<channel>-n5-retiled.json`: metadata after retiling
  - `retiled-images`: retiled images
  - `optimizer-final.txt`: stitching log
  - `c<channel>-n5-retiled-final.json`: metadata output of stitching
  - `export.n5`: final stitched result, tiled according to --retile_z_size

</details>

[stitching-spark](https://github.com/saalfeldlab/stitching-spark) reconstructs large microscopy images from overlapping image tiles. Based on the Stitching plugin for Fiji.

### MultiQC

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `multiqc/`
  - `multiqc_report.html`: a standalone HTML file that can be viewed in your web browser.
  - `multiqc_data/`: directory containing parsed statistics from the different tools used in the pipeline.
  - `multiqc_plots/`: directory containing static images from the report in various formats.

</details>

[MultiQC](http://multiqc.info) is a visualization tool that generates a single HTML report summarising all samples in your project. Most of the pipeline QC results are visualised in the report and further statistics are available in the report data directory.

Results generated by MultiQC collate pipeline QC from supported tools e.g. FastQC. The pipeline has special steps which also allow the software versions to be reported in the MultiQC output for future traceability. For more information about how to use MultiQC reports, see <http://multiqc.info>.

### Pipeline information

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `pipeline_info/`
  - Reports generated by Nextflow: `execution_report.html`, `execution_timeline.html`, `execution_trace.txt` and `pipeline_dag.dot`/`pipeline_dag.svg`.
  - Reports generated by the pipeline: `pipeline_report.html`, `pipeline_report.txt` and `software_versions.yml`. The `pipeline_report*` files will only be present if the `--email` / `--email_on_fail` parameter's are used when running the pipeline.
  - Reformatted samplesheet files used as input to the pipeline: `samplesheet.valid.csv`.
  - Parameters used by the pipeline run: `params.json`.

</details>

[Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/tracing.html) provides excellent functionality for generating various reports relevant to the running and execution of the pipeline. This will allow you to troubleshoot errors with the running of the pipeline, and also provide you with other information such as launch commands, run times and resource usage.
